And everyone.
Welcome to the new problem.
And this is one of my favorites problem.
So this problem will relate back to.
A topic that we've already started in this course.
And here we have the problem statement that let me.
The problem statement that is a symbol corrected gravity within vertices number one to MN but each i.e.
and you are going in and be degraded there to present whether they detected as from vertex I do it if
it is one they either edge from vertex I do g if AJ zero there is not.
But basically we have been given a matrix which tells us that whether I committed these are directed
edge to it or not.
Pull the find a number of different parts of lint key in g modular ten to the nameless seven.
Okay.
So what we have to do is we have to find a number of different detected parts of Flint.
So we have to find the parts of Flint.
Exactly.
Key in the graph.
And number seven is we want to answer it.
It's fine.
We will also count above two.
The travel is the same as multiple times.
Okay.
We can go through a but multiple number of times.
We can go through.
Same edge multiple times later.
So let me show you that we did a problem, I guess longest part was it.
Yeah.
So here we we know they took it does not contain this good cycle.
That means here we found the longest spot in D where there was no cycle involved.
But in this problem, what we have is.
Yeah.
So in this problem, what we have is invoke we can have a cycle as a path because we can traverse the
image multiple times.
So how do we do this?
Okay, let's dig for some inputs and then we will worry about doing it.
What I have is.
Okay, let me make this graph.
Also the graph is from one.
It goes straight to.
From two, it goes.
Two, three, three, two, four.
All the ones are here we can have.
There is no issue with that.
But I want to find out how many.
I'd say they're offline too, right?
Okay.
So first of all, let's think about how many parts of the airplanes when they so how many parts of the
Arab land won.
So if I talk about all because you when we there okay tell me how many parts are there from you two
way of land one.
Right.
So if we can see that there's only one part from under two of land.
One from 2 to 4.
One part 2 to 3 one but 3 to 4.
One but and 4 to 1.
One part eight.
And is there.
One, two, three, four, five.
Yeah.
No other partner each.
So we have these five parts of land.
One right now.
I'm talking about land one.
So how do I get so sleep?
I want to just calculate how many parts are there of land.
One for any given metrics.
Then how do I do it?
I just simply take the sum of all the ones.
Zero, right.
So all the ones represented electranet.
That means I can just.
I was there.
Didn't I remember part of the.
I hope this is very clear.
I'm just talking about parts of gentleman.
So here again, we'll have how many parts of Lent?
One.
The one to do is one.
You do.
One is one and two, two, three is one.
The validity parts.
Three edges, three parts of land.
One would.
So if I say that, okay, if I want to make a matrix of you cross V and which tells me that how many
bodies are they from you?
You do V of length one eight.
Then this will be equal to the same matrix which is that dense at just in semantics which just given
to me.
In the input it.
Well, you'll hear again.
It will.
We'll have the same thing, right.
So we'll have only three parts in this way.
The sum of the all the ones is the.
We have three ones here.
Now, let's talk about plots of land, too.
So let's ignore plots of land one and let's talk about plots of land to divide.
If I want to find out how many parts are there, what all you cross, we know that if I start from one
and go to three, or if I if I start from three and go to one, how many parts of land do I will that
dependent part of land?
One.
Let's figure this out.
If I want to start from something, you.
I want to go to somebody and I want an intermediate station here.
Right.
Let's call it x eight.
What I can do.
Is it okay?
Tell me that.
How many bots were there from you?
Two x offline.
One.
Eight and.
Is there a bathroom?
A story of rent?
One that means.
If I want to go from you, do V in two steps.
That means I want an intermediate station.
That means if I can go from you to some other x ray that x can be.
We do raid, let's say of he has an edge over itself.
Then as from we do, we then also we will count v right.
Well, what parts of line to what I can do is I can find out all the parts of length one from you to
me, from you to x where x belongs to one to in all the numbers.
And so I'm finding out that how many parts are there from starting from you of land one day legs eight
which is being given to me by the enzymatic, which have already seen the matrix, which has already
been given to me rate of length one.
And now for that X.
Now I'm trying to figure out whether is there a connection from X to we.
That means whether there are directed pods from SUV.
If yes, then what I'll do is I simply added in to my answer that yes for this particular text.
They were led to five buds from your do we.
Let's see, they were five buds from your two X.
And from X to V, there are two parts.
Right now I'm considering multiple ideas.
I do not worry about that.
How many?
So how many total parts are there?
They are firing to do images.
And but because I can come from you do X in five different ways and from X to you I can go in two different
ways.
So I'll have how many?
One party of one party at eight.
In this way I can figure it out.
And how many parts are there of land to write to?
If I want to write a recursive relation in this case, for it to learn to do with them.
What I do is I liquidated.
So.
So let's call W.K. to be equal to part of Lansky.
So here what we have is for W.
Okay.
So W it goes to one is, it goes to summation for all ages.
Hey, double submissions I got from one twin and it goes from one twin.
And we have this summation that's not a big issue.
We've already seen this.
Now, what we have is parts of linked to a bottle length two.
For every idea what we have is what we have seen.
It is equal to.
Right now.
I'm talking about all the ideas, right?
Well, it is equal to.
Reports of landmines.
So let's talk about some.
You come over here, right.
And then with some oil, you come to these aid.
So it will be equal to the summation of all your movies.
So here we have.
Yeah.
So he will have that it is he goes two pots of lentil one from some you go my ex so let's see.
X from one to in.
But we have from one to.
X eight.
So instead of dots, let's use commas.
From you two eggs.
I'm going off Lent one day and I want to find out what it is they're about from instruments which will
which will be equal to the images that I've already been given.
But it's going to be.
What does this mean?
Is that okay?
Yes, there was a bathroom.
You do read that there were these many.
But that is given that are given dominion w one you for my ex and I'm simply multiplying it with e of
column of environment, multiplying it with it because if it is equal to one, that means yes, there
was a path through makes to v one.
If it is equal to zero, there was not a part from extra v, so it will be zero eight.
What is this equal to?
What is W to do equal to?
In this case it is equal to summation for all sets.
You got movies, right?
So.
So let's figure this out in detail.
Let's figure this out in detail and.
It's have input.
Okay, let's have this.
So we have 010.
101.
000.
So this this represents number of parts for Lent one.
Eight.
For Lent one.
If I want to find out that.
How many?
But said there.
On this particular location that is bungoma to sell this location.
Poland to Poland, too.
Then what I need is I want to go for all X from one to nnw1 comma u comics.
That means in this matrix.
And in this case, you is equal to one.
And we want to do I'm just talking about this case, only this particular cell.
But what will be when land is equal to what will be this particular value from 1 to 8?
So.
Use equal to one with equal to two eight.
And what I have to do is I have to go for all the you go.
My ex is in the blue one.
That means I have to go for all the do here.
But all eggs from one to N where w u comics u is one in this case.
So basically I'm going over in the first row and I have an adjacency matrix.
So let me make that adjacency matrix, which is right now equal to.
This.
Sell only the bridges I know equal to this matrix only note.
So here what we have is we have equal to this.
So what we don't.
What we know is.
We are going over the first row and multiplying the first row with this second column of their distancing
matrix to obtain one comma two cell location in the Atlantic glycerol matrix rate.
Because of this reclassification, it is.
So what we have is we have one comma, one of length, one multiplied by just in symmetric, often comma
one.
Less 1 to 2 of length one and is dead apart from 2 to 2 offline one which is given to me by a syncing
matrix +13.
That means okay from one.
Is it a part of land one in the first matrix into.
Is there about from 3 to 8?
So what is this?
This is equal to five rule of the length.
One cell multiplied by this second column of the land.
Second column of the descent matrix.
Biometrically descends the matrix.
Because.
This will tell me whether these are part of land, mine or not.
I will not litigate.
I want to figure out parts of entry.
I want to figure out this matrix eight.
So here we can see for one comma to Lyman blank poster with second column for one.
Come up and I'll be multiplying first row with first column.
And similarly for all these cells.
Hey.
So isn't this.
That is metrics of land two equal to w one and do it.
In the.
That means multiplying the w one with the one now it is equal to 182.
Let's talk about lint three.
I want to find a puzzle entries within.
I can easily say it in the similar fashion ID for all you come up with.
I'm doing it.
And if I start from you, I go to X in length to tell me how many parts are there from your do x of
length two.
And then tell me if about from x to V of length one.
Right.
So this will give me all the parts for Lent.
RI So now what I have is what are the goods of religion?
I'll have areas again.
We'll have a theme similar because of religion, which is equal to for a particular you to be.
It will be equal to W2.
You do X, that means how many parts are there from offline to from your to x into.
Is there a path from X to be of length?
One that will be equal to the total number, but total number of parts of entry and similarly will sum
this overall.
All the undies we what we can see is the W3C equal to W doing do we where w.
Who was equal to the blue one.
And we were.
The blue one is equal to that.
We have already seen the blue one is equal to summation of eight and which is equal to the matrix.
We are where we have three years.
Right?
So basically the blue one is equal to eight when.
W2 is equals 282.
If it is a square W3 is equal to AQ and W4 is equal straight to the power four and it will go on, so
on.
So what is W of G?
It will be calculated.
The power key.
I hope we are getting this right.
And why is it becoming multiplication of two matrices?
Because what?
Because we have this recursive relation.
Where we have to find summation of these two values, which is the first row and the second column they.
So.
Yeah, just a second.
So this was the thing that we had.
Now what we want.
Now what we've got is we want implemented, right?
So here we can see that the constraints are really less and it's 50, but it is huge and divided.
And I want to find note some metrics which is of.
If you cross 52 deep poverty under the poverty, it is really big.
How do I do this?
How do I see all this?
We've already done this.
Dropping in the course.
This can easily be solved using metrics exponential.
If you do not know what it is, it has been discussed and just go over it and it's very easy.
And I've also given you a very basic course, three basic code offered to call it out.
Well, so what does Magical Exponential do?
It finds it finds out power of some matters is really very less time, which is let's it and is a dimension
of the matrix and grows in and is the.
Of would they?
So if I want to find out some metrics, poverty of dimension and then what I have is I have an Q which
is multiplication in the log of key by using the binary exponential approach fast x when intuition.
Well, which is not much in this case.
So it will be 15 to 15 to 15 to 68.
This will be.
Four zeroes.
35.
Five, seven.
So we did one, two, three, four, five, six, 4 to 7 and about six, which is not much which we
can do to this question.
This problem will help you understand how this matrix exponential should work.
And how can I use it?
Well.
So this also.
I'm being reminded of something that I learned in the college time, which is.
There was a markov chain.
In stochastic processes.
So the Miami chain had a very similar functionality like this.
It was very similar that if I want to find out something of length after iterations and just find out
the key minus one iteration and added one iteration later.
It's similar to this approach.
So see you guys in the next part.